---
layout: ../../layouts/ProjectLayout.astro
title: FRC Team 7476 - Reefscape
date: 2025-07-06T00:00:00.000-05:00
description: Official robot code for FIRST Robotics Competition Team 7476 during the 2025 Reefscape season.
tags: ["FRC", "Robotics"]
techStack: ["Java"]
repo: https://github.com/Earl-Of-March-FRC/2025-7476-Reefscape
demo: 
---

# Overview

The 2024-2025 year was my fourth year on our school's FIRST Robotics Competition Tema 7476! With the theme of Reefscape for the 2025 competition season, we built our beloved cube-shaped robot named SpongeBot SquareFrame. My main role was part of the software team!

All of our archived code is stored in our GitHub organization - feel free to check it out!

# Software
We mainly used Java (with some Python for robot vision) with WPILib, the standard FRC library.

A LOT of learning took place this year, including improved autonomous control using closed-loop control systems (PID + Feedforward) to launch the Algae (turquoise balls) into the barge (the target) with the press of a button.

We were also able to (kinda) get the robot drive autonomously... although there were a few competition playoff matches that were... interesting.

# Testing, testing, and testing some more...
My biggest takeaway from four years of robotics: your code will never, ever do what you expect the first time you run it. The real world has so many different variables to take into account, and working autonomous systems are MUCH more impressive to me than they uesd to be.

# Conclusion
I'm very grateful to have taken part in this amazing experience! I've learned so much about robotics, collaboration, the software development process, project management, and more.